Just how advanced we're the ancient Egyptians.
We all learned about ancient Egypt back when we were kids in junior high,
but it turns out that there were many fascinating details left out of the
curriculum that most people are just not aware of.
And I've discussed many of these bizarre facts in prior videos,
including that out of the countless thousands of hieroglyphs and petroglyphs in
Egypt, not one single one of them depicts anything,
even remotely close to a pyramid, which is weird. In fact,
the pyramids are so mysterious for the simple fact that the Egyptians left us
with absolutely no explanation whatsoever as to how
they constructed the pyramids. And that is indeed still a mystery.
All we have today, our theories and guesswork,
we were also taught that the pyramids were built for the purpose of being tunes
for the pharaohs yet not one single pyramid on the Giza plateau was ever
found with the mummy inside of it. True story Google. It,
it's just another interesting fact that most people are surprised when they hear
for the first time. And with these interesting facts comes,
what is undoubtedly the most hotly debated and controversial topic amongst
ancient history enthusiasts,
which is just how advanced were the ancient Egyptians.
Did they possess some type of lost ancient,
advanced technology that helped them cut, carve, move,
and place millions of stone blocks?
Or was it just a matter of sheer labor by a bunch of guys wearing towels for
clothing, but that is not what this video is about.
Instead of us debating about a lost ancient technology,
that's shift our focus and discuss the potential of lost advanced knowledge.
That just shouldn't be possible based on everything we thought we knew about the
dynastic Egyptians,
and this is why I am going to Egypt next month for the first time ever.
That's right.
I am going for 15 days on the tour and I'm going to all the notable sites and I
couldn't be more excited. This includes five special access permission sites,
including two hours alone inside the great pyramid of Giza,
as well as I'm even going down into the animatic of Syrah shaft,
which is three levels down a hundred feet down into the limestone bedrock on the
Giza plateau. I'm going to a number of places nearly two dozen actually.
And I'll be sharing more details about that later in this video,
but on the trip,
I will be taking countless HD photos and 4k videos that I'll be able to bring
back and share with all of you.
So we can further explore the mysteries of ancient Egypt. But first,
let me get back to the topic of this video.
I was browsing through social media not long ago,
and I came across a very interesting post by a man named Annie XD,
who is a researcher who trained directly under the late and legendary
John Anthony West.
And what I saw caught me by surprise as it's something that I had never seen or
heard of before I of course, was familiar with the Egyptian God,
men who was the God of fertility,
which it isn't hard to understand why well,
for obvious reasons and no pun intended,
but I had previously seen different depictions of men and various stonework
found throughout ancient Egypt, including even small statue figurines,
which let's be honest,
stand out from other various Egyptian statues that are far more commonly seen,
but any XDS post,
which shows a very unique depiction of men that is different than any other,
look at this and think for yourself,
what does this appear to show?
It seems to me that that is a sperm cell and is depicted in the middle of a
stream that is coming out of an erection for men who again was the Egyptian God
of fertility. So if you ask me,
it couldn't be any more obvious that this is indeed a sperm cell,
which just shouldn't be possible for the Egyptians to have known when this was
carved in stone summit 2,500 years ago.
I mean,
is this not depicting a sperm cell and why on earth had I never seen or heard of
this before as again,
none of the other depictions of men show this unique and specific
characteristic, have any of you seen or heard of this before?
What are your thoughts? Leave a comment,
but let's be clear according to modern historians and the scientific community
sperm cells were not discovered until the 16 hundreds. In fact,
the microscope itself was not discovered or created invented,
I should say until the late 15 hundreds and early 16 hundreds yet,
somehow the Egyptians were apparently depicting microscopic cellular
biology. Thousands of years ago,
cells are of course the building blocks of life.
And based on what I'm seeing here,
the Egyptians knew that yet this is not supposed to be possible yet.
It's been hiding in plain sight for all to see for thousands of years, again,
look at this and think for yourself,
and then consider that you need a microscope of a couple hundred times
magnification to see just one individual sperm cell,
at least to the point where you can make out its shape and nature.
Even at 40 times magnification,
it just isn't enough to make out the characteristics. So again,
I ask how is this possible?
And although I will say that microscopes are not necessarily advanced
technology. I mean, they did exist a few hundred years ago,
but I would argue that the very thought process going into wanting to study
something on a cellular level is indeed advanced thinking at the
minimum. Because again,
what we were taught in school about the Egyptians does not correlate with this.
I mean, again,
they're supposed to be wearing towels and moving stone blocks for a living,
right.
But the study of something on a cellular level cellular biology
is something else.
I'm very curious to see what other explanations people have regarding this.
I'm sure some will just naysay it away.
It will be interesting to see what the deniers say about it, but at a minimum,
it is a fun and thought provoking conversation. And I mean,
this is YouTube, so I can't wait to see the comments section. I mean,
I can see it already. Oh, go. Yeah. I'm related to this guy for sure.
Absolutely. I mean, come on.
This is combining the topic of lost ancient technology or knowledge with
large male. You know, don't let us down internet, come on.
This, this is potential to be gold, but in all seriousness,
this depiction is significant. How could they possibly have known this and less?
They were more advanced than what we were taught in school.
And this has been the argument on my channel this whole time,
which is that clearly when you study all the nuanced details of the pyramid and
other various aspects and things sites found in ancient Egypt,
it doesn't compute it. Doesn't add up to the mainstream narrative,
which by the way,
is far different than even the narrative that the locally gypsies are taught and
have been told about for thousands of years,
which is why I am going on a tour group with the study of hematology,
which is the people that were known to have lived in Egypt before the ancient
Egyptians.
Most people are not aware that the locals within Egypt have their own set of
beliefs.
And it wasn't until just a few hundred years ago that outsiders invaded and
came up with their own theories. Most people aren't aware of that either,
but again, I am not an expert, which is why I'm going to Egypt finally,
to learn and explore the mysteries of these ancient sites and see it with my own
eyes. And I couldn't be more excited.
I'm going with Ben from the awesome YouTube channel, uncharted X,
if you're not already following him,
go to his channel right now and hit the subscribe button.
His videos are absolutely fantastic.
His video editing abilities are next level. And honestly,
I wouldn't be surprised if you see his material and work on Netflix someday.
And he's been to Egypt four times already. This will be his fifth visit.
And he is toured with Brian Forester and Graham Hancock personally.
And he is a wealth of knowledge. So I couldn't be more excited to go with him.
And George Howard is also coming on the trip. He's one of the scientists that,
uh, brought the initial evidence involving the younger Dryas climate catastrophe
involving the Carolina base look him up.
I couldn't be more excited to meet him and chat it up because he is a wealth of
knowledge. And from what I understand,
he inspired even some of Graham Hancock's work directly, but like I said,
I'm very excited. I even got my Indiana Jones hat and everything, and yeah,
let's try that on this bad boy is absolutely coming to Egypt.
I am fricking taking a selfie in front of the great pyramid with this bad boy
on. And if you're not already following me on Instagram,
go and follow me there because I actually announced this trip a few weeks ago
and I'm going to be blogging pretty much every day, uh, on the trip.
And just keeping you guys informed at various sites and keeping you guys posted
along the way, but more details about this trip. Um, 30 people,
all the spots have filled up, which is awesome. Uh,
but a few people have had to cancel,
looks like in a few people others might have too as well. Cause it's 2020,
it's a crazy year for traveling, obviously. So if you're interested in going,
uh, it's first come first serve basis as far as, uh,
signing up and making your deposit. So, you know,
if you're watching this and you have a desire to go to Egypt from November 28th,
through December 12th and seeing these sites of me, Ben and others in person,
look it up, go to [inaudible] dot com.
We'll put a link in the description and you can also go to Ben's website,
unchartered x.com for more details about the trip itself,
but it's 15 days and includes a four night Nial cruise
river cruise, which is going to be awesome.
Apparently that's a highlight for a lot of people that have gone to Egypt
before. Uh, it's all five star hotels, five star food. And,
uh, it's going to be, you know,
good food cocktails and conspiracy conjecture at night.
It should be a really good time. And one thing, I mean,
obviously it's a two week trip, so it's not cheap,
especially with everything being luxurious. Uh,
but it does include amazing things such as the, uh,
Syrah shaft that in itself is a $2,000 fee. Uh, and that's,
if you can even get permission to go in and then they take 2000,
so going as a group, you're able to divide it up and get more bang out of it.
Uh, same thing with two hours alone in the great pyramid.
And we're even going down onto the grounds of the Assyrian itself, uh,
Abra wash, shabu sear, and I think it's five or six special access place.
So it's awesome. And I couldn't be more excited. Um, what else is there?
Oh, here's another big reason why I'm so excited to be going,
even though it's a crazy year for traveling.
The opportunity here is huge because tourism, Egypt is dead.
Many of these sites are completely empty right now. No one's there.
So there has never been a better time to see and document these sites on camera.
Because usually if you've seen anything in Egypt involving video and pictures,
it's just people everywhere. It's kind of like Disneyland,
but people from all over the world, but not right now.
So that's one of the things that I'm very excited about is being able to
document this stuff and share with everybody with you when I come home.
But anyways, so I'm going to wrap this up.
I have two other videos coming before I go on my departure.
This video is going to be a lot longer,
but I'm using a new video editing software and it's a pain to make a long video
with something new. So look forward to that.
I have a couple of good ones coming and then I'll be blogging daily on Instagram
while I'm on my trip. So again, go follow me on Instagram.
If you're not already go follow on at,
on charted X and I'll leave it at that I'm Jimmy.
My channel is called bright insight,
hit the like button and subscribe and leave a comment,
share what your thoughts are on everything. Discussing this. I mean,
is this a sperm cell or not?
If you don't think it is share what you think it is,
but I'm telling you if there's anything guys,
the ancient Egyptians are far more mysterious than most people realize.
There's so many unanswered questions involving how they did everything and what
they knew. And if you ask me, this is evidence that at a minimum,
they were more advanced than what we were taught in school.
So it's a foundation for people to start exploring and opening their minds to
what else is possible involving our ancient past. But I'll leave it at that.
You guys take care and I have another video coming soon. Bye everyone.